ACI-REF Virtual Residents,

Regarding our 2016 summer workshop:

Dana says that we should discuss as a group --
and maybe this e-mail list is a good venue --
what sessions and aspects of the 2015 workshop
were most effective, and what needs improvement
(or should be dropped, or are lower priority).

Everyone dive in and tell us what you think!

At the meeting at SC15, we talked about:

* new user training;

* how to talk to vendors;

* MRI templates and a proposal writing exercise
with peer review (Cohort #1 only? -- depends on
the details of how we do it);

* people love speed dating;

* how to work with users who require extra
attention (might use role playing).

Sai says, for him, the user support sessions were
the most relevant.

Possibilities:

(1) Plenary sessions focus on user support,
because that seems to be almost universal.

Breakout tracks might be:

(a) technical (e.g., deploying user codes,
benchmarking & tuning);

(b) proposal writing.

But, have an early plenary session on each, so
that everyone gets some exposure and can make
an informed decision about which track to bias
toward.

For example:

* Technology: How to Design Your Next Cluster

* Proposal: Generic "How to Write a Proposal"

(2) Should we continue to have the SDN track,
or focus instead on what in 2015 we referred to
as Computational & Data-enabled Science &
Engineering?

(The total number of SDN participants in 2015
was 5: 2 onsite and 3 on video.)

(3) Have Cohort #1 tell war stories from their
own experiences.

(4) Assuming you're a successful ACI-REF, you're
going to be popular and will need help.

So, how to identify, hire, mentor and manage
your second? This could include student workers.

(5) Community building: How to find and recruit
researchers, but also how to build them into a
coherent community. Sai and Brian volunteer to
lead this.

(6) Crisis handling. Andy volunteers to lead.
(This may be only half an hour.)

Other ideas for sessions?

Please bear this in mind:

If we end up with too many good ideas, then
some of them can be done in follow-up sessions
during our biweekly calls (and discussed on the
mailing list and on Slash).

Henry
